Lu Ming
These are some of the most important people in Zhonghai
Forgive others
Forget it, my dad was right
Well, today is your lucky day
Go away
Mr. Lu, please take a step to speak
I'm going out
This lunatic
What is the relationship with the Jiangnan Chamber of Commerce?
He could actually let President Shen clear the customs in person
What does it have to do with him being a psychopath?
Poor scam
Is he relying on his neuropathy?
Request the auditor
Song Tuze is blackmail
At least ten years in prison
Or life imprisonment?
Nonsense Lu Ming is not that kind of person
Even if what you say is true
But until the funding is available
Those are airdrop checks
I also said I could steal and transfer
Yu Shao can see through this
Maybe after the richest man found out about his sins
Why don't you invest in the Li family?
The so-called civil servants and officials
Even if he is the richest man in God, he may not be exempt from the vulgar world.
Anyway.
Lu Min is also for the good of the Li family
Dad, don't worry
I'll find a way.
To quell the wrath of the god of war and the king of heaven
What kind of characters are the god of war and the king of heaven?
What can you do, a dead girl, I have a way
What do you think?